content/page/about.md, before:

---
title: About
description: About Anim Mouse
date: 2020-12-30T15:40:00+08:00
lastmod: 2022-05-04T01:10:00+08:00
menu:
  main:
    weight: -90
    params:
      icon: user
---
Hi! I'm a person with interest and knowledge about computers and currently pursuing Computer Science.

Username Etymology:
Back in the days around 2010, when I play GTA San Andreas SA-MP (San Andreas Multiplayer), I want my username to be "Anonymous" but because I was young at that time (I'm still learning English at that time), I misspelled it into AnimMouse and since then, I'm using it on Minecraft, etc. and that's the story of my username.

Contact us:\
Email: [contact@animmouse.com](mailto:contact@animmouse.com)\
Discord: [Anim Mouse#2129](https://discordapp.com/users/879284380596596746)

Donations:\
Bitcoin: `1AnimMouL6hbyFZEkCDp7iek8dGV6rpzm1`\
Bitcoin Cash: `bitcoincash:qp44ad4798jhn5s6pky7k6pz8hthevuasyeaq2jyz8`\
Ethereum: `0xDD712Ba48F68CD61452B063F84dF72Cc7d0FE099`

This website is hosted on [Cloudflare Pages](https://pages.cloudflare.com).

The source of is website is hosted on [GitHub](https://github.com/AnimMouse/animmouse-website).

This website contents is licensed under [CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)\
This website source code is licensed under [MPL 2.0](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/MPL/2.0/)

Commit message:

Add project and update about and links

content/page/about.md, after:

---
title: About
description: About Anim Mouse
date: 2020-12-30T15:40:00+08:00
lastmod: 2022-07-24T17:45:00+08:00
menu:
  main:
    weight: -90
    params:
      icon: user
---
Hi! I'm a person with interest and knowledge about computers and currently pursuing Computer Science.

Username Etymology:
Back in the days around 2010, when I play GTA San Andreas SA-MP (San Andreas Multiplayer), I want my username to be "Anonymous" but because I was young at that time (I'm still learning English at that time), I misspelled it into AnimMouse and since then, I'm using it on Minecraft, etc. and that's the story of my username.

If you think I can help with anything or you want to say hi, please contact us, all friendly communication are welcome.

Contact us:\
Email: [contact@animmouse.com](mailto:contact@animmouse.com)\
Discord Server: [Anim Mouse's server](https://discord.gg/XJwgb339Gk)\
Discord Profile: [Anim Mouse#2129](https://discordapp.com/users/879284380596596746)\
You can also contact on any of the accounts listed on the [links](../links/).

Donations:\
Bitcoin: `1AnimMouL6hbyFZEkCDp7iek8dGV6rpzm1`\
Bitcoin Cash: `bitcoincash:qp44ad4798jhn5s6pky7k6pz8hthevuasyeaq2jyz8`\
Ethereum: `0xB94aF482f8eF4425E7d239e7DFfa66Cd5B6FEa2A`

AnimMouse Logo designed by [lilyresh](https://lilyresh.carrd.co).

This website is hosted on [Cloudflare Pages](https://pages.cloudflare.com).

The source of is website is hosted on [GitHub](https://github.com/AnimMouse/animmouse-website).

This website contents is licensed under [CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)\
This website source code is licensed under [MPL 2.0](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/MPL/2.0/)
