---
title: 'NATs are good: A conversation with IPv6 haters'
description: 'IPv6 deniers: What they believe and why?'
date: 2022-05-02T00:15:08+08:00
tags:
  - dev
---
{{< youtube v26BAlfWBm8 >}}
```
do you already have ipv6 one is ipv6 it
is a new protocol for the internet the
current one called ipv4 soon will not
have enough addresses for everyone
ipv6 will help solve this problem this
is not a problem at all
because we have Nats they agreed this
may work for you because you are using
only small number of hosts at the same
time and control all of them but if you
have a lot of hosts you do not control
you would not do that I have a perfectly
running Network and that's a good
I provide security mine side network is
not seen from the outside this is
because the Nats are stateful it is
statefulness that provides the security
not the Nats you can have stateful
firewall in ipv6 but that's a good i get
security for free you pay for it in
hidden costs that are required to
support the Nats a lot of people spend a
lot of time working to make the
applications work with Nats it is good
for the economy
I give them work so go and throw some
junk on the street someone will have to
be paid to clean it and that will be
good for the economy too and that's a
good I use them all the time why do you
need them because they are good would
you not rather have a way to cleanly
express your submitting and your
security policies the much bigger
address space allows that no that's a
good I will take your IP v6 if you give
me nuts they make me feel comfortable go
buy some weed and smoke it it will make
you feel much more comfortable than
gnats
weed is prohibited by law that's a not
prohibited by law they are great
stupidity is not prohibited by law
either do not insult me my applications
do not work with ipv6 this is because
you think you will be able to use the
ipv4 forever and instead of testing your
applications and paying the developers
to fix the applications so that they
support ipv6 you are buying more Nats
yes that's the great I want to buy one
for ipv6 but you said you do not need
ipv6
yes I do not need Darby v6 but I need
NAT for ipv6 are you nuts
that's a great I do not need don t v6
and you do not need all the customers
with the mobile smartphones which will
run ipv6 only my customers are not
asking about time P v6 that is because
they are asking from your competitors
who they know where by P v6 and with
that they can offer innovative
applications I do not need new
applications the old ones are working
well with Nats and that's a good not so
good of a conversation this is when you
keep repeating yourself yes that's a
good do you know that in Netherlands and
France and other countries the people
are getting native ipv6 already I live
in other lands so I do not care
I do not care about there are P v6
everyone has to use Nats and that's a
good do you have an iPhone yes I do
it works with Nats and do you know that
is already has ipv6 and you cannot use
it oh you mean my iPhone has a feature I
can not use yes your neighbor already
uses ipv6 on the iPhone I want to use
ipv6 on my iPhone too late you have been
talking about the Nats too much so you
cannot have ipv6 by one time pv6 sorry I
cannot help you you need to go into ask
your provider what if they do not have
our p v6 I need ipv6 for my iPhone you
can get ipv6 from a tunnel broker one is
a tunnel broker do they do nets and
that's a good know they provide the ipv6
connectivity using your ipv4 internet as
a wiring if you terminate the tunnel
close enough to you it is almost as good
as native ipv6 what today go and ask
your ice B they need to know that you
want ipv6 I will not tell you then I
will ask them about nuts - yes ask them
what is better for them Nats or ipv6 and
I'm going to the farm in the meantime to
drink some milk from the mad cows this
conversation has exhausted me
ask them if they have ipv6 for my iPhone
I will good bye
you
```